{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue233;\red0\green0\blue211;
\red0\green0\blue227;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c86275;
\cssrgb\c0\c0\c91373;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\f1\i0 ===========ENGLISH SECTION============\

\f0\i We apologize for the inconvenience caused by the limitations of the Indiegogo platform. Due to these limitations, displaying translations in a more user-friendly manner is not possible. Thank you for your understanding and support.
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs28 \cf0 Salam and Hello!
\f3\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 My name is Radoslaw Jona, and I'm a frugal engineer known for completing several overlanding trips against technical odds. Incidentally, I\'92ve starred in a series of overlander films, which have been praised for their stunning visuals and compelling storytelling.\
I'm reaching out to you today because I'm passionate about motorcycling and overlanding, and I'm hoping to establish a motorcycle tour and rental company that caters to these communities. My goal is to provide the best quality services to adventurers looking to explore new territories on two wheels.\
With your help, I'll be able to bring my vision to life and create an experience that is truly unforgettable. I understand the importance of reliable equipment, expert guidance, and top-notch customer service, and I'm committed to delivering all of these elements and more.\
In addition, your contribution will also help me break free from my corporate overlords and pursue my passion full-time. I'm confident that I have the skills and expertise to make this venture a success, and I'm excited about the opportunity to create something new and meaningful for the motorcycling and overlanding communities.\
By supporting my campaign, you'll be helping me turn my dream into a reality and creating a new opportunity for adventurers around the world. Thank you for considering my campaign, and I hope to see you out on the open road soon!\
This time you can actually go with me.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs28 \cf0 What We Need:
\f3\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 We are seeking funding to establish a motorcycle tour and rental company that would provide the best quality services for the motorcycling and overlanding community in Central Asia. Our costs include the purchase of second-hand BMW F650 GS bikes, as well as a thorough inspection and preparation of the machines, full service of the bikes, including new brakes, tires, chain, sprockets, suspension, oil, etc. We will also need gear, including helmets with intercom, action cameras, drone, camping gear, one 'proper' camera, like GH5, microphones to go with all that, vast amount of HDDs to store the footage, visa fees for the team, ferry crossing from Azerbaijan to Turkmenistan, fuel, and occasional hotel prices. We have already invested our own private money in this project and acquired some of the above. The bikes themselves will cost about 10,000 EUR, and additional equipment (electronics + gear) will cost probably another 4,000 EUR.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs28 \cf0 What You Get:
\f3\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 The best perk we can offer is actually going on the adventure that would take us through coastal former Yugoslavia, Montenegro, Albania, Greece, northern coast of Turkey, Georgia, Azerbaijan, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan, Tajikistan, Wakhan corridor in Afghanistan (highlight of the trip), then beautiful Kyrgyzstan with a finish line in Bishkek. This once-in-a-lifetime opportunity is available for a limited time only at a reduced price of 3,000 EUR per person, which includes bike rental and the unforgettable adventure itself. The second-tier perk is a tailored 14-day tour with me at the chosen timeframe (season opens in May and ends in October) in the next 2 years for 3,000 EUR. You can also join in on your own bike for 1,700 EUR. Other, lower-tier perks would include personalized video, a Silk Road postcard (from Turkmenistan or Afghanistan), a name or a custom text on the bikes, and the best of digital photo album from the trip. Another reward could be a traditional Kyrgyz hat.\
If we don't reach our entire funding goal, we will adjust the timeline but not by much. The absolute and non-passable deadline should be early September as of the date of arrival. The funds raised will be returned if the project is a no-go\
Second-tier reward (limited to 15 backers): Plan a tailored 14-day tour with me at a chosen timeframe within the next 2 years. (Value: \'803000)\
If we don't reach our entire funding goal, we will use the funds to cover as much of the trip as possible. However, we may have to use a commercial shuttle service or buy an old van to complete the journey. In this scenario, the adventure may be less comfortable and smooth sailing financially, but it will still be an unforgettable experience. Plan C is postponing the action to 2024, and earn more mony to pour into the project.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs28 \cf0 The Impact
\f3\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 By contributing to my campaign, you'll be supporting the opening of Kyrgyzstan and neighboring Silk Road countries for adventure travel, providing opportunities for a wider range of people to experience this beautiful part of the world. With my language skills, cultural understanding, and vast experience in overland expeditions spanning continents, I can offer high-quality, worry-free adventures that benefit both travelers and the rural, nomadic communities in the area. Your backing will help get this project up and running, enabling more people to discover the highlights and pitfalls of Central Asia and fostering a positive impact on the local economy and people's lives. With three films in the "Trabentem..." series, you can see for yourself the quality of the experience and the benefits it brings. I'm extremely grateful for any contribution, no matter how small, as I'm investing my own savings and hard work into making this project a reality.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs28 \cf0 EXPERIENCE
\f3\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 First proper overlanding trip I took with a bunch of my friends in 2009. It was bound from Poland for Kirgyzstan as well, but we decided to go totally native with two sub 100EUR 2107 Lada's. In 2012 I have contributed to 'Trabantem...' series for the first time, as a part of the team with ancient Fiat 126p, that took us all around South America , from Guyana via Peru and Chile to the finish line in Ushuaia. Two years later, the team reunited for run from Perth, Australia to Bangkok. A couple of years after 'The great way home' was shot about India-Pakistan-China-Kyrgyzstan-Uzbekistan-Kazakhstan-Russia-Ukraine-Slovakia-Czechia crossing. That route is unfortunately not viable anymore. All of the above projects had very succesfull crowdfunding campaigns, and very satisfied backers, that continued support through the years.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.imdb.com/name/nm6918264/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 My IMDB page}}\cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.ceskatelevize.cz/porady/10639901181-trabantem-jizni-amerikou/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 South American series on Czech television streaming.}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.ceskatelevize.cz/porady/11042957646-trabantem-z-australie-do-asie/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 Australia to Asia series}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Just before the world crashed and burned, in 2019 I planned and organized the first semi-commercial motorcycle trip from Hanoi to HCMC (Saigon). The team was consisting of two of my friends from 'Trabantem...' series and 5 random people from the internet. We became friends, and some of those randoms from the internet became a part of the team, and are engaged in {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.startovac.cz/projekty/indodiesel"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 adventure project}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLhHlyT4XaszSmHNrn81txJ9vUksT6C_vM"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 YT series about the Vietnam trip.}}\cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 And that is precisely the dream. We planned to continue this further, but then 2020 happened.\
To make it real for people and build trust, I can share my successful track record with projects like this. As mentioned earlier, I have been a part of several overlanding projects that had very successful crowdfunding campaigns and very satisfied backers. I have also lived in Asia for many years and have a deep understanding of the culture and local paradoxes, pitfalls, and highlights. Additionally, I have the language skills to communicate with locals and navigate through any challenges that may arise during the trip. With this experience and knowledge, I am confident in my ability to lead a successful overlanding expedition through the Pamir Highway. I am committed to transparency and will keep supporters updated throughout the journey, building trust with every step we take.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs28 \cf0 Risks & Challenges
\f3\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 As with any adventure travel project, there are always risks and challenges to overcome. However, I have extensive experience in planning and executing overland expeditions, spanning continents at a time. With my deep understanding of the local culture and language, and my track record of successful projects, I am confident that I can overcome any challenges that may arise.\
One potential challenge is the timeline. If we don't reach our funding goal in time, I will need to adjust the timeline, but not by much. The absolute deadline will be early September, as the end of the season is the end of October. Additionally, the funds raised will be returned if the project is unable to proceed.\
Finally, unforeseen circumstances can always arise during the course of an expedition. The Azerbaijan remains the last country on the planet that is under Covid lockdown. That's why this campaign is so late. If Azerbaijan does not open till June the re- routing would be difficult, but not impossible. Alternative route via Iran and Turkmenistan is possible, but overburdens us with a lot of (not cheap) bureaucracy to overcome. However, I will take all necessary precautions to ensure the safety and well-being of myself and all participants, including having a detailed emergency plan in place.\
I hope this addresses any concerns or questions that potential contributors may have.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs28 \cf0 Other Ways You Can Help
\f3\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 We understand that not everyone can contribute financially, but that doesn't mean you can't help us make this trip a reality. Please help us spread the word by telling your friends and family about our campaign. Share our Indiegogo page on social media or through email, and encourage others to support us. Remember, every little bit helps, and your support in any form is greatly appreciated! Thank you, and let's hit the road!\
}